Fred investigates and provides further reading material (#5)
Imageomics/data-workshop-AH-2024: further_reading/README.md

# Further Reading

This folder provides more detailed information on topics covered during the Mastering Data Management Workshop. It also highights other important related topics that we did not have the time to cover in as much detail, and provides resources to learn more.

## The Power of Unique Identifiers

Adding a unique identifier can help prevent some of the issues discussed in this training, while simplifying operations applied across datasets (especially as they get larger and combine multiple sources). The `uuid` package can be used to easily assign a unique identifier to all metadata entries:
```python
import uuid

# Add uuid column
df["uuid"] = [uuid.uuid4() for i in range(df.shape[0])]
```

## Avoiding Duplicates and Data Leakage

### Check for byte-wise duplication

This can be done with checksums, though be sure to open all images with the same package (eg., PIL) as this can impact the _intrinsic_ metadata, though it will not impact the image content. MD5s check both.

> For more on this, see the `implementation_details` notebook.

Author: ```suggestion
For more on this, see the `further_reading` notebook.
```
